hi fools one of the biggest storylines
of this week in tech was Apple falling
below four hundred dollars a share the
company now finds itself forty five
percent below its 52-week highs last
September it also this week in falling
relinquished its title of the world's
largest public traded company so now
that the company has fallen so far I
think it begs to ask could this slide
continued is it conceivable that Apple
could reach three hundred dollars a
share this year and as people who've
seen my videos before are probably not
going to be surprised I don't think so I
think we've seen a huge wave of
bearishness driving the stock down that
really overlooks what you could even
call the bleakest reality concerning
this company let's take their upcoming
earnings due out next Tuesday as an
example of this the company is expected
to actually grow its revenue by nine
percent however the company now that's
current pricing is priced for
significant negative growth people are
expecting Apple to lose market share and
see gross margin contracted it's in its
key product lines neither of which is
extremely likely especially on the gross
margin front especially in a very
meaningful way immediately so again
another way to put this in context will
be looking at other companies that trade
in the tech space let's take a peek at
Intel the company reported earnings this
week as well but they saw revenue fall
slightly when they reported however the
market is also willing to assign intel a
significantly higher trading multiple
than Apple especially when you strip out
there to respective cash words it just
goes to show to me the market really is
misunderstanding what Apple's future
prospects could be Apple of course isn't
likely to see the significant fifty
percent plus year-over-year growth that
it did earlier you know several years
ago but at this at the same time Apple's
business is certainly thriving by no
means contracting and when you look at
the things coming down the road for
Apple things like a dividend increased a
low-cost iPhone and additional new
product launches well the stock could
certainly you can see a scenario with a
stock should end up significantly higher
than lower so I think three hundred
dollars is less likely than more likely
but we'll see thanks a lot and fool on